v2 volume: replace backendStoreDriver with dataEngine in v1.6.0 (#861)
longhorn/website: content/docs/1.6.0/v2-data-engine/quick-start.md

### Create a StorageClass

> Use following command to create a StorageClass called `longhorn-spdk`. Set `parameters.dataEngine`  to `v2` to utilize V2 Data Engine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run the following command to create a StorageClass named `longhorn-spdk`. Set `parameters.dataEngine` to `v2` to enable the V2 Data Engine.
```
